many tributes of sadness at the miller burial said
Ten years ago, the girl died on Sunday morning while
bathed because the db pool she dived and did not rise more at the moment
there were many people in the place but only after some time realized
that she was at the bottom of the pool without sketching a reaction
said that he could not swim and was not in the company of his parents.
another child and a nursing assistant
tried to revive her but failed to get the girl taken to the
hospital but already arrived dead
the doctor still tried to intubate
but when he saw that she had
cited by cnn
no longer the cause of death is still a mystery and one that can have
fainted before drowning
her body was taken to the penv itv and copied the report must leave in eight days
after result the police the tutelary council will position themselves to know themselves
people should be held accountable for the death
you have to analyze everything and from all angles it makes me familiar
responsible father and mother
nor I, if anyone comes with this child who entered
and myself through who knows well in the physical market
it's nine
as was how to position herself as the transvestite tension also positioned herself
against this fact
the family blame bp and the accident
since there were only two employees on the
pool and supervise the entrance of people in the place
There are security guards on a beach.
people there palate if people do not drown while the more they smell from here
a place that is paid cadore law enforcement is up to the people who work
there she passed that she was the girl who fell
which adjusts to rise
was also a significant
I can
bbc uncertainty
for not giving assistance there are no people there
precisely at the time of the event only that child occurs the direction of the
club that belongs to the brazilian bank
said he was going to rule on the case after leaving the family report
also wants to blame the person who took the girl to the club
was allowed by parents to go to drink in the company of the mother of a
at the time of the accident, the woman had left
franco could be me
after comparing here too
I arrive home from the denied request he had said Pereira speaks the father
I go I go paulo to my see with my son I spoke my faith or strong
will be associated well with this new tool she spoke
we will not play full video game the regatta center was finished in the house but
it was ugly for you to understand our more this relationship accept a source
accepted gil who did not want to record interview
he won had never bathed in abb this was the first time the girl
entered the club pool according to the family she spent the whole week
insisting to have this Sunday school program taught at school
municipal arnaldo heifer
and received many tributes in his last goodbye
I lost my daughter, my daughter, all of my life.
have to be made to size
but it has to be taken
soon as soon